(fix) use semconv in tower layer (#435)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust-contrib: opentelemetry-instrumentation-tower/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## vNext

### Changed

* Migrate to use `opentelemetry-semantic-conventions` package for metric names and attribute keys instead of hardcoded strings

> * Update metric names to use semantic conventions constants:

Author: yes, there is no actual change, it's only referring now to the constants.

> * Update metric names to use semantic conventions constants:

Author: ```suggestion
* Update metric names to use semantic conventions constants with the same values:
```

> * Update metric names to use semantic conventions constants:

Reviewer: * Add dependency on otel semantic conventions crate and use constants from it instead of hardcoded attribute names. The values are unchanged.
^

> * Update metric names to use semantic conventions constants:

Author: ```suggestion
* Add dependency on otel semantic conventions crate and use constants from it instead of hardcoded attribute names. The values are unchanged
```
